 // Synchronously disables the account link before first paint so the user // cannot navigate away before session.js registers its click listener. (function () { var accountLink = document.querySelector(".globalnav-link-account"); if (accountLink) { var href = accountLink.getAttribute("href"); if (href) { accountLink.dataset.pendingHref = href; accountLink.removeAttribute("href"); accountLink.style.cursor = "default"; } } })(); Meet Liquid Glass - WWDC25 - Videos - Apple Developer // Execute immediately to avoid UI flash (function () { // Prevent React dev mode from running this multiple times if (window.__didRunColorThemeScript) { return; } if (window.angular) { return; } window.__didRunColorThemeScript = true; const prefersDark = window.matchMedia("(prefers-color-scheme: dark)").matches; const body = document.body; // If theme-dark or theme-light is already applied, do nothing and lock it if (body.classList.contains("theme-dark") || body.classList.contains("theme-light")) { // Set the data-color-scheme attribute based on the existing theme body.setAttribute('data-color-scheme', body.classList.contains("theme-dark") ? "dark" : "light"); // Prevent future modifications window.__disableColorScheme = true; // Hide the color picker immediately const style = document.createElement('style'); style.textContent = '.color-scheme-toggle { display: none !important; }'; document.head.appendChild(style); return; } // Otherwise, set theme normally based on user settings or system preference if (window.Settings && window.Settings.preferredColorScheme) { const colorTheme = (window.Settings.preferredColorScheme === 'auto') && !prefersDark ? 'light' : (window.Settings.preferredColorScheme === 'light') ? 'light' : 'dark'; body.setAttribute('data-color-scheme', colorTheme); colorTheme === "dark" ? body.classList.add("theme-dark") : body.classList.add("theme-light"); } else { const colorTheme = prefersDark ? 'dark' : 'light'; body.setAttribute('data-color-scheme', colorTheme); prefersDark ? body.classList.add("theme-dark") : body.classList.add("theme-light"); } })(); View in English Apple Developer Get Started Explore Get Started Overview Learn Apple Developer Program Stay Updated Latest News Hello Developer Platforms Explore Platforms Apple Platforms iOS iPadOS macOS tvOS visionOS watchOS App Store Featured Design Distribution Games Accessories Web Home CarPlay Technologies Explore Technologies Overview Xcode Swift SwiftUI Featured Accessibility AI & Machine Learning App Intents Apple Intelligence Games Security Xcode Cloud Community Explore Community Overview Meet with Apple events Community events Developer Forums Open Source Featured WWDC Swift Student Challenge Developer Stories App Store Awards Apple Design Awards Apple Developer Centers Documentation Explore Documentation Documentation Library Technology Overviews Sample Code Human Interface Guidelines Videos Release Notes Featured Updates iOS iPadOS macOS watchOS visionOS tvOS Xcode Downloads Explore Downloads All Downloads Operating Systems Applications Design Resources Featured Xcode TestFlight Fonts SF Symbols Icon Composer Support Explore Support Overview Help Guides Developer Forums Feedback Assistant Contact Us Featured Account Help App Review Guidelines App Store Connect Help Upcoming Requirements Agreements and Guidelines System Status Quick Links Events News Forums Sample Code Videos   --> /* RSID: */ var s_account="awdappledeveloper" s_sections = [ { "pattern": "^/documentation", "channel": "www.documentation.developer" }, { "pattern": "^/library", "channel": "www.documentation.developer" }, { "pattern": "^/tutorials", "channel": "www.documentation.developer" }, { "pattern": "human\\-interface\\-guidelines", "channel": "www.hig.developer" }, { "pattern": "/testflight/", "channel": "www.appstoreconnect.developer" }, { "pattern": "/app\\-store\\-connect/", "channel": "www.appstoreconnect.developer" }, { "pattern": "/support/app\\-store\\-connect/", "channel": "www.appstoreconnect.developer" }, { "pattern": "/help/app\\-store\\-connect/", "channel": "www.appstoreconnect.developer" }, { "pattern": "/wwdc/", "channel": "www.wwdc.developer" }, { "pattern": "/wwdc\\d{2}/", "channel": "www.wwdc.developer" }, { "pattern": "/videos/", "channel": "www.videos.developer" }, { "pattern": "^/account", "channel": "www.account.developer" }, { "pattern": "downloads?", "channel": "www.download.developer" }, { "pattern": "/localization/", "channel": "www.appstore.developer" }, { "pattern": "/app\\-store/", "channel": "www.appstore.developer" }, { "pattern": "/in\\-app\\-purchase/", "channel": "www.appstore.developer" }, { "pattern": "/cn/", "channel": "www.cn.developer" }, { "pattern": "/jp/", "channel": "www.jp.developer" }, { "pattern": "/kr/", "channel": "www.kr.developer" }, { "pattern": "/de/", "channel": "www.de.developer" }, { "pattern": "/la/", "channel": "www.la.developer" }, { "pattern": "/fr/", "channel": "www.fr.developer" }, { "pattern": "/it/", "channel": "www.it.developer" }, { "pattern": "/br/", "channel": "www.br.developer" } ]; s.pageName= AC && AC.Tracking && AC.Tracking.pageName(); s.channel="www.en.developer"; s_sections.forEach((s_section) => { var regex = new RegExp(s_section.pattern); if(location.pathname.search(regex) !== -1) { s.channel=s_section.channel; } }); /************* DO NOT ALTER ANYTHING BELOW THIS LINE ! **************/ var s_code=s.t();if(s_code)document.write(s_code) Videos Open Menu Close Menu Collections All Videos About More Videos About Summary Transcript Meet Liquid Glass Liquid Glass unifies Apple platform design language while providing a more dynamic and expressive user experience. Get to know the design principles of Liquid Glass, explore its core optical and physical properties, and learn where to use it and why. Chapters 0:00 - Introduction 1:29 - Dynamics 6:00 - Adaptivity 10:31 - Principles 18:53 - Next steps Resources Adopting Liquid Glass Human Interface Guidelines Human Interface Guidelines: Materials HD Video SD Video Related Videos WWDC25 Create icons with Icon Composer Get to know the new design system Say hello to the new look of app icons Search this video… Liquid Glass is a significant new step and evolution of the look and feel of Apple software. It introduces a flexible, dynamic layer to apps and system experiences across Apple’s ecosystem of products. It builds on learnings from all the way from the Aqua user interface of Mac OS X, through to the realtime blurs of iOS 7, to the fluidity of iPhone X, the flexibility of the Dynamic Island, and the immersive interface of visionOS. Building off these learnings, rather than trying to simply recreate a material from the physical world, Liquid Glass is a new digital meta-material that dynamically bends and shapes light. And simultaneously, it behaves and moves organically in a manner that feels more like a lightweight liquid, responding to both the fluidity of touch and the dynamism of modern apps. I’m Chan and i’m a designer on Apple’s Human Interface design team. In this session, we’ll go over some of the core dynamic properties of Liquid Glass. Then, my colleague Shubham will discuss how Liquid Glass automatically adapts to different contexts and environments. Lastly, Bruno will take us through some key principles on how to work with Liquid Glass. Let’s dive in. Liquid glass complements the evolution of Apple product design, as screens have gotten more rounded and immersive. It’s represented in the UI in rounded, floating forms that nest neatly in the rounded curves of modern devices. These clearly defined shapes feel easy to tap and are designed to relate to the natural geometry of our fingers so they feel friendly to touch interaction. The primary way Liquid Glass visually defines itself is through something called Lensing. Lensing occurs all around us in our experience of the natural world. Through this experience we’ve all gained an intuitive understanding of how the warping and bending of light of a transparent object communicates to us its presence, its motion, and form. Liquid Glass uses these instinctive visual cues to provide separation and communicate layering in a new way while letting content shine through underneath it. Where as previous materials scattered light, this new set of materials dynamically bends, shapes, and concentrates light in real time. This provides definition against the background content while still feeling visually grounded in our experience of the natural world. By sculpting light like this, controls can feel ultra lightweight and transparent while still being visually distinguishable. Instead of fading, Liquid Glass objects materialize in and out by gradually modulating the light bending and lensing, ensuring a graceful transition that preserves the optical integrity of the material. How the material feels and behaves is just as important as the way it looks. From its foundation, both the visuals AND motion of LiquidGlass were designed as one. The motion of liquids is something we all have an intuitive feel for. Their smooth, responsive, and effortless motion and behavior are properties that interfaces can reference to move and react in a way that aligns with our innate grasp of the physical world. To this effect, Liquid Glass responds to interaction by instantly flexing and energizing with light. This makes the interface feel responsive, satisfying, and alive. And it has an inherent gel-like flexibility to it that communicates its transient and malleable nature, as it moves in tandem with your interaction. This fluidity helps the interface feel aligned with the dynamism and continually changing nature of our thinking and movement. Elements can even lift up into Liquid Glass temporarily, such as when you interact with a component. This lets the resting state stay visually quiet, while it comes to life on touch. This works great for things like controls, where the transparent liquid lens can be seen through to precisely observe the value underneath it. This sense of fluidity also extends not just to how the material reacts to your input, but also how it reacts to the dynamically changing environments of modern apps. As you go between states in an app, Liquid Glass dynamically morphs between thecontrols in each context. This maintains the concept of having a singular floating plane that the controls live on. And it makes transitions between different sections of an app feel fluid and seamless, as the controls continually shape shift. When showing a menu, the bubble simply pops open to reveal the content contained within. This lightweight, in-line transition keeps everything right where you just tapped. And it communicates a very clear and direct relationship between the button and the content contained within. With these properties, Liquid Glass ushers in a new era of how apps look. But it also changes how they feel, too. With the ability to bend and shape light in new ways, fused with the ability to dynamically flex and shape shift, Liquid Glass is designed to make the experience of apps feel fundamentally more organic, more immersive, and more fluid. Next, to dive into how Liquid Glass adapts automatically across different context and platforms, I’d like to hand it over to Shubham. Thanks Chan. Liquid Glass is designed from the ground up to be adaptive to both its size and its environment. Its primary goal is to remain visually clear, deferring to the content underneath. But it's also constantly, subtly changing to ensure legibility and to maintain clear separation from the content layer. Liquid Glass is composed of a number of layers that work together to give it its unique look. And unlike previous materials that had a fixed light or dark appearance, each layer continuously adapts based on what’s behind it. As text scrolls underneath, shadows become more prominent to create additional separation. The amount of tint and the dynamic range shift to always ensure buttons remain legible, while letting as much of the content through as possible. And when needed, it can also independently switch between light and dark, allowing it to feel perfectly at home in any context… really letting your app's content shine. When glass flexes and morphs to larger sizes – like when presenting a menu from a toolbar button – its material characteristics change to simulate a thicker, more substantial material. It casts deeper, richer shadows, has more pronounced lensing and refraction effects, and a softer scattering of light. These subtle changes enhance the perceived depth and aid in the legibility of the content within the glass element itself. Liquid Glass is fundamental to creating a unified design language across all our platforms. On iPad and Mac, we've applied these very same principles. Just like on iPhone, these Liquid Glass layers form a distinct functional layer for controls and navigation, floating above everything and giving you a larger, more expansive canvas for your content. Glass controls nest perfectly into the rounded corners of windows, maintaining concentricity throughout the UI. On larger elements, like sidebars, the appearance of Liquid Glass is informed by the ambient environment within the app. Light from colorful content nearby can subtly spill onto its surface, reinforcing the material's context and its sense of elevation within the interface. And the effect isn't limited to the surface, the light reflects, scatters, and bleeds into the shadow as well – much like it would in the physical world. Floating sidebars on iPad and Mac enable a whole new level of immersion. The sidebar and tab bar, together, form a cohesive and consistent language for the core navigation of apps across all platforms. It can now be thought of as a single navigational element that fluidly scales as the canvas of the app grows. Next, let’s talk about scroll edge effects. Scroll edge effects work in concert with Liquid Glass to maintain that crucial separation between the UI and content layers and ensure legibility, especially with dynamically scrolling content. Just like Liquid Glass, scroll edge effects are inherently adaptive. As content begins to scroll underneath a glass element, the effect gently dissolves the content into the background, lifting the glass visually above the moving content, and allowing floating elements like titles to always remain clear. When darker content scrolls under, triggering the glass itself to transition to its dark style, the effect intelligently switches to apply a subtle dimming instead, again ensuring contrast and legibility. In some cases, like when there are pinned accessory views under a toolbar, such as column headers for example, we use a “hard style” effect instead. Instead of a gradual fade, the effect is applied uniformly across the height of the toolbar and the pinned accessory view. You'll want to use this style when you need that extra degree of visual separation between floating elements in the accessory view and the scrolling content below. So that’s a look at how Liquid Glass adapts across sizes, environments, and platforms, and how you can leverage it alongside the scroll edge effects to ensure clarity and legibility, all while letting your app's content truly take center stage. Next I’d like to hand if off to Bruno to discuss Liquid Glass variants in more depth and guidelines on how to best use them in your apps. Thanks Shubham. To get the most out of Liquid Glass it is important to understand it at a deeper level. Lets go over how its built and some of its behaviors. That way you’ll know what to expect when you start designing with it. The true magic of Liquid Glass lies in its holistic design. The light play, the depth effects, the adaptive changes, they aren't isolated features. They are layers inside a sophisticated system, working together to create a material that is greater than the sum of its parts. Let's look at some of these layers more closely. First, the highlights layer Liquid Glass lives inside an environment that behaves like the world around us. Light sources inside of this environment shine on the material producing highlights that respond to geometry just as you’d expect. On interactions, such as locking and unlocking your phone, these lights move in space, causing light to travel around the material, defining its silhouette. And in some cases, the lighting responds to device motion, making it feel like Liquid Glass is aware of its position in the real world Shadows also play an important role in helping elements feel grounded and defined. Pay close attention to the shadow in this next slide. The element is aware of what’s behind it and increases the opacity of its shadow when it is over text. Conversely, it lowers the opacity of its shadow when it is over a solid light background. This provides separation from the content to make sure elements are always easy to spot. When you interact with Liquid Glass, the material illuminates from within as a form of feedback. Starting right under your fingertips, the glow spreads throughout the element and onto any Liquid Glass elements nearby, interacting with the flexible properties of the material in a way that feels natural and fluid. These behaviors make the interface feel alive and directly connected to the physical world and device input. There are times where multiple layers adapt together to maintain clarity and focus within the UI hierarchy. For example, when a window loses focus on the Mac or iPad, Liquid Glass shifts its appearance and visually recedes to guide attention. And this sophistication comes built-in. You get all these nuanced, dynamic behaviors automatically when applying Liquid Glass to your designs. Alright, now that i’ve gone over its structure and behaviors, I’ll talk about how and when to use Liquid Glass, as well as the different variants you can choose from. You may be tempted to use Liquid Glass everywhere but it is best reserved for the navigation layer that floats above the content of your app. Consider this tableview: making it Liquid Glass would make it compete with other elements and muddy the hierarchy. So keep it in the content layer instead to ensure clarity Similarly, always avoid glass on glass Stacking Liquid Glass elements on top of each other can quickly make the interface feel cluttered and confusing. When placing elements on top of Liquid Glass, avoid applying the material to both layers. Instead, use fills, transparency, and vibrancy for the top elements to make them feel like a thin overlay that is part of the material. Next, let's talk about Liquid Glass variants. There are two to choose from: Regular and Clear. They should never be mixed, as they each have their own characteristics and specific use cases. Regular is the most versatile and the one you will be using the most. This variant gives you all the visual and adaptive effects we’ve talked about, and provides legibility regardless of context. It works in any size, over any content and anything can be placed on top of it. Clear, on the other hand, does not have adaptive behaviors. It is permanently more transparent, which allows the richness of the content underneath to come through and interact with the glass in beautiful ways. To provide enough legibility for symbols or labels, it needs a dimming layer to darken the underlying content. Without it, legibility gets noticeably worse. If Liquid Glass elements in your app have a smaller footprint, you can use localized dimming and allow the content to retain more of its original vibrancy To recap, whereas the Regular variant can work anywhere, Clear should only be used when these 3 conditions are met. First, the element you’re applying it to is over media-rich content. Second, your content layer won’t be negatively affected by introducing a dimming layer. And lastly, the content sitting above it is bold and bright. Now, I’ll talk about legibility: a central consideration that went into the design of Liquid Glass. Small elements like navbars and tabbars, constantly adapt their appearance depending on what’s behind them. They also flip from light to dark based on the background to make sure the material looks as good as possible and is easily discernible. Bigger elements, like menus or sidebars also adapt based on context, but they don’t flip from light to dark. Their surface area is too big and transitions like these would be distracting. To maintain legibility, symbols and glyphs on top of Liquid Glass, do the same. They flip from light to dark and vice versa, mirroring the glass’s behavior to maximize contrast. All content placed on the Regular variant will automatically receive this treatment. You can also use custom colors. But use them selectively. When items or elements serve a distinct functional purpose, you can tint them to bring attention to them. Lets take a closer look at how this works. Liquid Glass introduces a new way of tinting elements that respects the principles of the material and maximizes legibility. This technique is consistent across all Liquid Glass elements, from labels, text and fully tinted buttons… to the time on your lock screen. It brings life and vibrancy to the material and connects it more deeply to the content around it. Selecting a color generates a range of tones that are mapped to content brightness underneath the tinted element. It draws inspiration from how colored glass works in reality: changing its hue, brightness and saturation depending on whats behind without deviating too much from the intended color. Not only does this emphasize the physicality of the material, but it also helps legibility and contrast. What’s great is that tinting is natively compatible with all the behaviors of glass. So, you can tint any element very easily. Here is a button that is using a solid fill instead of the built-in tinting. As you can tell, it is completely opaque and breaks the visual character of Liquid Glass. But notice when it starts using the new tinting. All of a sudden it feels more transparent and more grounded in its environment. Tinting should only be used to bring emphasis to primary elements and actions in the UI. First, lets look at an example of what not to do. Avoid tinting all your elements. When every element is tinted, nothing stands out, and it can be confusing. If you want to imbue color into your app, do it in the content layer instead. On the other hand, this View Bag button is a great example of when to use tinting, the red makes it stand out as the primary action in this food delivery app. The content layer is also key to avoiding any unwanted visual noise. In steady states, such as when an app first launches, avoid intersections between content and Liquid Glass. Instead, reposition or scale the content to maintain separation. In addition to the these legibility considerations, there are also several accessibility features that Liquid Glass offers to suit all kinds of people and needs. These act as modifiers on the material that change certain layers of Liquid Glass, without sacrificing its magic. For instance, Reduced Transparency, makes Liquid Glass frostier and obscures more of the content behind it. Increased contrast, makes elements predominantly black or white and highlights them with a contrasting border and Reduced Motion decreases the intensity of some effects and disables any elastic properties for the material. These are available automatically whenever you use the new material. So whenever these settings are turned on at a system-level, Liquid Glass elements will get them across the board. Throughout this session we covered the core principles and values for Liquid Glass. We explored its functionality, behavior, and discussed practical guidelines to use it effectively and inclusively. Liquid Glass delivers a unified design language across all platforms, seamlessly blending hardware and software. It introduces a more fluid and dynamic interaction experience than ever before, bringing a striking new look to every part of the interface. This is the start of a new chapter in Apple’s visual and interaction design, and we can't wait for you to be part of it. 0:00 - Introduction Liquid Glass introduces a flexible, dynamic layer to apps and system experiences across Apple’s ecosystem of products. It is a new digital meta-material that dynamically bends and shapes light, behaving organically like a lightweight liquid, responding to both the fluidity of touch and the dynamism of modern apps. 1:29 - Dynamics Liquid Glass complements the visual and tactile experience of modern Apple devices with their rounded screens. It uses Lensing, which dynamically bends and concentrates light, creating a transparent and lightweight appearance while also providing definition against background content. Liquid Glass elements materialize gracefully, responding to interaction by flexing and energizing with light. The interface adapts dynamically to the user's input and the changing environments of modern apps, making transitions feel fluid and natural. 6:00 - Adaptivity Liquid Glass adapts based on the content beneath it and the size of the display. It is composed of multiple layers that continuously shift tint, shadows, and dynamic range to ensure legibility while maintaining visual clarity. When Liquid Glass flexes and morphs to larger sizes, it simulates a thicker material with deeper shadows and more pronounced lensing and refraction effects, enhancing perceived depth. With larger controls like iPadOS and macOS sidebars, Liquid Glass is informed by the ambient environment, allowing light from colorful content to spill onto its surface, reinforcing its context and elevation. Scroll Edge Effects work in concert with Liquid Glass to dissolve content into the background, lifting the glass visually above moving content and maintaining contrast and legibility. 10:31 - Principles The light play, depth effects, and adaptive changes are layers in a sophisticated system, working together. Liquid Glass lives in an environment that behaves like the world around us. Light sources shine on materials to produce highlights that respond to geometry and motion. Shadow opacity increases or decreases dynamically providing a lightweight separation from background content. When interaction with controls, materials illuminate from within and reflect on other Liquid Glass elements to provide visual feedback. Liquid Glass is best reserved for the navigation layer. Avoid putting glass in the content layer and avoid putting within or on top of other glass elements to maintain hierarchy and prevent clutter. There are two variants of Liquid Glass: Regular, which is versatile and adaptive, and Clear, which is permanently transparent and needs a dimming layer for legibility. The variants should never be mixed, as they each have their own characteristics and specific use cases. Use Clear only when three conditions are met: The element is on top of media-rich content; your content layer won't be negatively impacted by a dimming layer; and, the content sitting above it is bold and bright. Elements adapt their appearance based on what's behind them. Small elements, symbols, and glyphs flip from light to dark, so the material is discernible. Bigger elements, like menus and sidebars, also adapt based on context, but do not flip from light to dark. A new way of tinting elements generates a range of tones based on content brightness underneath, mimicking real colored glass. This tinting emphasizes physicality and improves legibility and contrast. Use tinting selectively to highlight primary elements and actions. Avoid tinting all elements, which can be confusing. Liquid Glass offers several accessibility features, such as Reduced Transparency, Increased Contrast, and Reduced Motion, which modify Liquid Glass without compromising its visual appeal, and are automatically applied when system-level settings are enabled. 18:53 - Next steps Liquid Glass delivers a unified design language across all Apple platforms, seamlessly blending hardware and software. It introduces a more fluid and dynamic interaction experience than ever before, bringing a striking new look to every part of the interface. This is the start of a new chapter in Apple’s visual and interaction design. Developer Footer Videos WWDC25 Meet Liquid Glass Platforms Open Menu Close Menu iOS iPadOS macOS tvOS visionOS watchOS App Store Tools Open Menu Close Menu Swift SwiftUI Swift Playground TestFlight Xcode Xcode Cloud Icon Composer SF Symbols Technologies Open Menu Close Menu Accessibility Accessories AI & Machine Learning Apple In-App Purchase Apple Intelligence Audio & Video Augmented Reality Business Design Distribution Education Games Health & Fitness Localization Maps & Location Security Safari & Web Resources Open Menu Close Menu Documentation Downloads Sample Code Videos Documentation Archive Support Open Menu Close Menu Help Guides & Articles Contact Us Forums Feedback & Bug Reporting System Status Account Open Menu Close Menu Apple Developer App Store Connect Certificates, IDs, & Profiles Feedback Assistant Programs Open Menu Close Menu Apple Developer Program Apple Developer Enterprise Program App Store Small Business Program MFi Program Mini Apps Partner Program News Partner Program Video Partner Program Security Bounty Program Security Research Device Program Events Open Menu Close Menu Meet with Apple Apple Developer Centers App Store Awards Apple Design Awards Apple Developer Academies WWDC Read the latest news . Get the Apple Developer app . Follow us on bilibili , LinkedIn , WeChat , and YouTube . Light Dark Auto Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Agreements and Guidelines 
